>> Nina: Let's say that we wanted to
write a custom class that represented
the GitHub repositories that we did in our
final exercise in introduction to Python.
So our final exercise.
>> Nina: Let me open up that file quickly.
>> Nina: So if we remember in our
final exercise, we created a query and
then we got back this list of
items from the GitHub API.
And then we looped through all
the results, which is a dictionary.
And we got the language, we got
the number of stars, we got the name, and
we printed this out.
How could we refactor
this into a custom class?
>> Nina: So the first thing we would wanna
do is make a class called GitHubRepo.
And we would wanna create
a constructor here.
And what are the variables
that we would take here?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Nina: Not languages, right?
The repo has a single language, right?
So this is each repository.
So it would take a name, a language,
and the number of stars that it has.
And then we would just assign
these values to the instance.
>> Nina: Okay, if I wanted to take this
printout here, a string, and make it so
it's available on every instance
of my GitHubRepo class.
What method would I wanna put it in?
This nice human readable printout.
>> Speaker 2: String.
>> Nina: Right, and
not just string, but what?
>> Speaker 2: Dunder string.
>> Nina: Dunder str, right,
and that also takes a self.
We don't need any of the other variables
because we know that they're attached
to the instance, and
we wanna return a string here, right?
>> Nina: And use self.name,
self.language, and self.strs.
>> Nina: Okay, so
I'm going to run this file
again in this interactive mode and
now I can make a new GitHubRepo.
And again,
even though these are required variables,
I can provide names here if I want to.
So let's say this is,
>> Nina: Vue and
the language is JavaScript.
And the number of stars is 50,000.
>> Nina: I want to save
this into a variable.
Why are saying this here when
we make a new GitHubRepo?
>> Speaker 2: It's a generator.
>> Nina: Well not a generator,
I only implemented str but
I didn't implement what other method?
>> Speaker 3: Wrapper.
>> Nina: Wrapper, and when we enter this
instance into the REPL without a print or
anything like that, it uses the wrapper.
Know that I have assigned a variable,
vue, I can double check that assumption.
If I ask for the wrapper it's that.
And keep in mind for those kind of
built in types, the zip, the range,
if you see something like that it
means that it might be a generator.
It's not guaranteed, but if you see
this for your own custom classes
it means that you forgot to
implement str or a wrapper.
But now if we work at str(vue),
oops sorry, I made a mistake here.
It's num_stars and I'm just
going to copy this into the file so
that I can just run print(vue) here.
Under the hood print call str because
we're using print when we wanna represent
to the user and str is the one
that is the user friendly one.
So I'll run that Python
file in the terminal, oops,
I have to,
>> Nina: For
some reason my VS Code
terminal just is not happy.
So I'm gonna delete that one and
run it again.
And there we go, we'll see that vue is
a JavaScript repo with 50,000 stars.
So this is how we start encapsulating
some of the data we've been working with.